In addition to searching to searching inflected forms,
you can also search lemmatized forms,
that is the dictionary forms, of words
in select corpora in the Werkstatt.
You can do a lemma search using the simple search
by checking the box next to "Lemma"
and then typing in your search query,
for instance, "regnum" and hitting Enter.
In the results that follow
you will see both the word "regnum"
as well as other forms of this lemma,
for instance "regno" and "regni".
You can also perform a lemma search
using the advanced search page.
In the middle column simply click on "Lemmata",
and then type in your search query.
Then hit Enter or click the "Search" button,
and here we see the same results
as with the simple lemma search.